It's February 18, 2021, and this is the engineering key review at GitLab, so I've got number four in the agenda, which is a proposal to break up this meeting into four department key review. So currently this is engineering development quality!1!, security, and UX infrastructure and support do their own key reviews already. I have the reasons why increased visibility, able to go deeper, increase the objectivity with which my reports can manage their groups allow me more time to focus on new markets, and allow me to shift into more of a question-asker mode than generating content and answering questions in these meetings. So month one, development quality go, month two, security and UX would go, how do people feel about that proposal? I think in the group conversations it's working really well, so I'm supportive and this is the smallest thing, maybe we need four meetings a month, like it's the biggest department it's super central, but you proposed this, I don't, I could see either way, so let's stick with the proposal. All right, and then I've got number five, which is we've got R&D overall MR8, and we also have R&D wider MR8 to both as top-level KPIs for engineering. So the difference between them in the simple sense is that R&D wider MR8 includes both community contributions and community MRs. The problems I see with this are that one, the wider MR8, the one that includes internally and external MRs, it duplicates the overall MR8, which is very, sorry, sorry, the wider MR8 should just be external, and an overall should be narrow plus wider, like we say the wider community, so there's, I'll have to check the taxonomy, can you confirm that's, that's, that's, that's it's reasoning as well. Yeah, and the reason you measure that is that, like one of the most likely failure modes is that we lose the community. Yeah, so we're just, where get scoofy is the, when you look at a specific team within in the company, there could be contributions outside of that that aren't community contributions. It's when you look at, like the development versus infrastructure, infrastructure will oftentimes contribute to developments work, but it won't be counted as MRs. So then I think part of my critique of this can be thrown out, because it's not as duplicative as I thought, but I still think there's a problem with R&D wider MR rate, which is, this thing doesn't really move in part because it's a rate. So it feels like the way to drive this up is to specifically drive community authors to contribute more than one MR per month. And that doesn't necessarily feel like the right thing, because their scenarios and which this goes up, we've actually got less contributions overall and less contributors overall. So you're saying that R&D wider MR rate is number MRs per external contributor? The thing below is the number of team members that should GitLab. I think so in our research, for team members, so unless we start calling people outside the company team member, then it shouldn't be done. So our numerator is community contributions and then our denominator is GitLab team members. The logical thing is for the community to flatline and the size of the York to go and before you know, if you've kind of outgrown the wider community. Yeah, and what I'm seeing is we created this pre-saviscated taxonomy with pre-fixes and post-fixes to talk about these things. But also like in F, I have this proposal of like, what if we just track as a KPI, the percentage of total MRs that come from the community over time? But the thing, the thing why we have this complex thing is because you can game that. So we have different metrics to prevent that from happening the same way that like support SLAs and a set kind of buttress one another. And why they're confirming from the definition, they think why don't we only count for community? Just in FYI, the month of February, if you were looking at any particular metrics, particularly in development at MR-8. There's apparently a lag issue that's been problematic for the data team to basically get updated metrics and they're working on that. And so I think the DRI needs to be your data engineering team, but of course there's a dependency on infrastructure because that's where the data is being piped from. Yeah, I'll say for the replication lag on that slave host where I'm sorry, not the on the secondary host where the data is being pulled from, like infrastructure would be the DRI for that. And I know we have an action plan for that, as far as creating another dedicated host, just for the data team to pull from. OK, I saw that issue, and I did talk to Craig Gomes a little bit as well on the database side, just see if there's some data-based improvements. And I'm still trying to figure out if it's truly just dedicated computational resource server, or if there's actually some database tuning that needs to occur, do you have a sense of that? And this is where it does maybe relate a little bit to what the topic was in the last review, basically, the overall demand on the database layer from dot com activities and improving those. One of the most specific actions we're going to take, though, is separating out and having dedicated host, so that we're just dealing with the profile of the data engineering traffic on there. Steve, I definitely want to partner with you on this one because I think the demand on those databases is only going to increase. And I think we need to get, I'm still on clear on where to focus in to get the biggest bang for the buck. I think if the computational resource dedication, that's going to be a good thing. We are also in point B are working on the measurement for our average open buck's age. Yeah, we are now measuring S1 S2 SLO achievement with closed bugs. If you just look at closed bugs, even though there would be a major problem in the company, 99% of all bugs are overdue. So I think we shouldn't be looking at the closed bugs. I think we should be looking at open bugs, the entire population, more percentage of doses within the SLO time. Thanks for the feedbacks that, hence why we wanted to have the average age to measure what's outside in the open. We can make this iteration to measure, also measure focus on the age of all opened, including open bugs. What I'm proposing is off the open bugs, or percentages outside of SLO. Ricky, make your last to figure out how to, because we like to be able to have charts that we can historically reconstruct if we need to. So when tickets close out, we need to go through their history to figure out at this time when it was open, did it reach SLO or not. Yeah, I just wanted to ask the team, like I went through all the key meeting metrics, everything looked in line with prior, periods, and look good. So I'm optimistic, I think this is a good thing. We have had a much cleaner focus on Suss over the past several quarters, and that's why I think, okay, the work that we've done, I think actually is catching up and getting noticed in Suss, but we gotta keep an eye on it. And the bug discussion above just kind of points out that like we have an underlying problem right now in our metrics measurement. We're prioritized or hearing that from the team, but neither that problem or that activity is sort of currently reflected in our security metrics. So we have some work to do long term to make sure that we see things like that in the metrics and the measurements that we're making. One thing to note is that we are actually at a higher M-R-8. If you go back the last 18 months, or actually at a higher M-R-8 than we were back in each month this year. So if you compare October, October, November, to November, in January, I'm sorry, October, November, December, in January, comparatively to last year, which I'll find is where between a half point and a 1.5 M-R-8 above where we were in the month of previous year. Obviously, seven car ridges and Texas doesn't help things either for the folks who are working in Texas, but hopefully the rest of the team is being effective. But you know, marches, marches when I'm expecting to kind of see a real prebound much like we did last year. So if we were to look back historically here, the goal here was actually lower and Christopher was ambitious and we kept raising and we kept meeting that. And then we realized we're kind of hitting that point of doing reaching returns and the right thing to do, business wise, and this is in our FY22 direction is hold the line at productivity, but start to raise other things related to quality, security, availability, and whatnot. I'm gonna try to get better and a lot of other things while preventing this from dipping. Cool, and I just want to call out that it's not necessarily, like, I'm higher MR rates should also help to address security and quality and all their things because you're more productive. That's hold the line 10 is a great number and focus on other indicators to improve that makes a ton of sense. Great, well thanks everybody, and I'm gonna go check on my four-year-old and see if she got whatever she needed.