Hi, this is Eric Johnson. It's February 18, 2021, and this is the engineering key review at GitLab, so I've got number four in the agenda, which is a proposal to break up this meeting into four department key review. So currently this is engineering development quality!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!, security, and UX infrastructure and support do their own key reviews already. I have the reasons why increased visibility, able to go deeper, increase the objectivity with which my reports can manage their groups allow me more time to focus on new markets, and allow me to shift into more of a question-asker mode than generating content and answering questions in these meetings. To avoid adding three net new meetings to stakeholders, counters, it proposed we do sort of two month rotation. So month one, development quality go, month two, security and UX would go, how do people feel about that proposal? I think in the group conversations it's working really well, so I'm supportive and this is the smallest thing, maybe we need four meetings a month, like it's the biggest department it's super central, but you proposed this, I don't, I could see either way, so let's stick with the proposal. Go, we'll try it and we'll we can be flexible, I mean the development is larger, maybe they give more frequently or something, I have to see how it goes. All right, and then I've got number five, which is we've got R&D overall MR8, and we also have R&D wider MR8 to both as top-level KPIs for engineering. So the difference between them in the simple sense is that R&D wider MR8 includes both community contributions and community MRs. The problems I see with this are that one, the wider MR8, the one that includes internally and external MRs, it duplicates the overall MR8, which is very, sorry, sorry, the wider MR8 should just be external, and an overall should be narrow plus wider, like we say the wider community, so there's, I'll have to check the taxonomy, can you confirm that's, that's, that's, that's it's reasoning as well. Yeah, I believe, water MR8 just captures community contributions. Only, and no internal. Yeah, and the reason you measure that is that, like one of the most likely failure modes is that we lose the community. Yeah, so we're just, where get scoofy is the, when you look at a specific team within in the company, there could be contributions outside of that that aren't community contributions. They would be viewed community contributions by that group, but effectively, they're not from outside the company. So that's why we use wider to kind of reflect that. And narrow is very specific to the team. The, are you saying that if someone in plan contributes to verify, it's viewed as wider? Not quite that. Plan and verify are just fine. It's when you look at, like the development versus infrastructure, infrastructure will oftentimes contribute to developments work, but it won't be counted as MRs. OK, that's so, that's a potential bit of funciness that we should talk about separately. I didn't have that in my sort of critique of this, but that doesn't necessarily make intuitive sense to me. So then I think part of my critique of this can be thrown out, because it's not as duplicative as I thought, but I still think there's a problem with R&D wider MR rate, which is, this thing doesn't really move in part because it's a rate. So it feels like the way to drive this up is to specifically drive community authors to contribute more than one MR per month. That's how this moves up, because it's a, it's a productivity rate, like we use internally. And that doesn't necessarily feel like the right thing, because their scenarios and which this goes up, we've actually got less contributions overall and less contributors overall. Wait, wait, wait, wait a second. So you're saying that R&D wider MR rate is number MRs per external contributor? Oh my goodness, that should not be the thing. It should be contributions per GitLab team member. So the thing above the division is the external ones. The thing below is the number of team members that should GitLab. Is that the case, Lily? I'm checking right now. I think so in our research, for team members, so unless we start calling people outside the company team member, then it shouldn't be done. Yeah, just clarifying here. So our numerator is community contributions and then our denominator is GitLab team members. So it's not per external. Member. So we, so what we're doing there, Eric, is we're not trying to say how many MRs there's someone sent if they sent something. We're saying how many MRs from external do we get for the size of our organization? Sorry, I have a trial that emergency outside the door. So maybe explain the context behind this. The context is as we grow as a company, we keep the community up. The logical thing is for the community to flatline and the size of the York to go and before you know, if you've kind of outgrown the wider community. Yeah, and what I'm seeing is we created this pre-saviscated taxonomy with pre-fixes and post-fixes to talk about these things. But in reality, we've only got two of them and it's, we keep forgetting, and we have a hard time discussing this thing. So I'd rather just name them simply two names for what they are rather than using the taxonomy. But also like in F, I have this proposal of like, what if we just track as a KPI, the percentage of total MRs that come from the community over time? And we would see that drop. I love that. I love that. Let's do that instead. OK. But the thing, the thing why we have this complex thing is because you can game that. You want to game that. You just produce fewer MRs with the engineers that get left. So if you drive that really hard and say, this is your number one goal. It's very easy to achieve. You just tell all your engineers to produce half. So we have different metrics to prevent that from happening the same way that like support SLAs and a set kind of buttress one another. I think we're robust to that. But simplifying this would make these conversations go. If you, as it are, CTO don't even understand them, we went overboard. So I'm, well, I support it. I'm not understanding them. And I forgot. I was agreeing to stuff this morning. And like, there's a problem with this. And then you just remind me of the context. So yeah, if I came to the limit, I'd go more. Percentage set come from the community. I love that. It's what all our investors ask about. Let's do that. OK, cool. So Lily, if you can work with Mac to make that transition of the degree, and I'll hold the one that we're talking about. That's room in the most, very thanks. I'm on a call, sorry. I was a bit late in a timeline. We do have PIs on the raw number of community MRs. And we can make the shift. And why they're confirming from the definition, they think why don't we only count for community? And that's what the definition is. Cool. All right. So number six, then, Christopher. Sorry, I was looking up to see if I had the percentage graph. Because I think we played around with this at one point and had a draft of that. Probably about five months back, if I can remember Lily. Just in FYI, the month of February, if you were looking at any particular metrics, particularly in development at MR-8. We haven't had updates in four days. There's apparently a lag issue that's been problematic for the data team to basically get updated metrics and they're working on that. OK, I'm sorry, Mac, you get the next one. So yeah, there's some color there on the navigation, the lag later on, onto seven. We can use an FYI in addition to the KPI status. I'm sorry, Mac, I wanted to just touch on the Postgres replication issue there real quick. I'm trying to get my arms wrapped around it. Do we have the right attention to this? This is kind of Eric, I don't know if you were commenting on hinting towards this in the last meeting around some of the infrastructure improvements on the product side. I'm just not quite sure whose responsibility it is to focus on getting a handle on some of the constraints we have on replication. Yeah, what I was mentioning in the product view about an hour ago is I think it's sort of unrelated. And so I think the DRI needs to be your data engineering team, but of course there's a dependency on infrastructure because that's where the data is being piped from. They do own that data source. Yeah, I'll say for the replication lag on that slave host where I'm sorry, not the on the secondary host where the data is being pulled from, like infrastructure would be the DRI for that. And so any escalations, but I'll all own those. And I know we have an action plan for that, as far as creating another dedicated host, just for the data team to pull from. OK, I saw that issue, and I did talk to Craig Gomes a little bit as well on the database side, just see if there's some data-based improvements. And I'm still trying to figure out if it's truly just dedicated computational resource server, or if there's actually some database tuning that needs to occur, do you have a sense of that? There's, so I'd say it's three different things. It's having a dedicated host that doesn't have conflicting query traffic coming from other workloads. There are some tuning performance or tuning improvements to be made. And then there's also improvements. And this is where it does maybe relate a little bit to what the topic was in the last review, basically, the overall demand on the database layer from dot com activities and improving those. So it's definitely not just one of those things. One of the most specific actions we're going to take, though, is separating out and having dedicated host, so that we're just dealing with the profile of the data engineering traffic on there. And not having conflicting query, conflicting queries affect the ability to update the replication. Steve, I definitely want to partner with you on this one because I think the demand on those databases is only going to increase. It's not going down. And I think we need to get, I'm still on clear on where to focus in to get the biggest bang for the buck. I think if the computational resource dedication, that's going to be a good thing. But I'm probably going to squeeze the balloon and then the next area will honor that self. OK, I'll tell you what I'll put into the infrekey review for next week. OK, I'm going to update on this issue. Thank you, Steve. So then back to Mac on seven, or yes. Thank you. And Rob was in these assassins that this morning as well. Brian, we have the attention there. Number seven, just provide an update on previous conversations. We continue to improve defect tracking and against SLOs. There is a first iteration PR that we are experimenting to show percentage of defects meeting, the SLOs. Key findings as ones are hovering at 80% as two at 60. We've been focused mostly on S1 as two at this point as hence why S3 and S4s are lower. And this will likely be the case. We are also in point B are working on the measurement for our average open buck's age. This would give us a whole picture of what's left. The age goes up and down. It would be you're cleaning the backlog. The average age should go down as well. There's no PI yet, but I just will not update and show up beyond this. It's not an off track. Number C, Craig on S2. Yeah, I just was looking through the charts. And I noted that there was a spike in meantime to close and just want to see if you had anything insight to that for us. This is the S2. The S1 looked fine. Yeah, this is where the point B on age and supplemental charts in the back end helped. So I haven't seen a dip in age nor the count of raw. I think it's the latter. We need to dig in a bit deeper in that. And also the data lag, I would like to reevaluate when we have a whole picture when everything is synced in as well. Chrissy, you have some insights. Yeah, I'm just wondering if part of this could be the fact that we changed the severity across the board for MRs to S2. And so we may have some older bugs in there that hadn't been addressed because they were at a lower severity. Now, we've moved them to S2 and maybe that caused a little spike. That could be the case if we did it in the limited fashion, it won't be huge volume. We also iterated after that to pin on priority since try to own its prioritization. So I wouldn't account it entirely to that. I mean, this isn't the infrared key review, but I know that they've gotten backed up on those issues. So if some good portion of those are infuriated or related, then that might be lifting as well. I can take the deeper dig in and then provide an update next time. I think we need extra debug slicing of the data here. So do you like to go to point eight? Yeah, we are now measuring S1 S2 SLO achievement with closed bugs. But if you then look at the number of bugs, it's exponential growth. And then it will be trivial to achieve 100% SLO achievement. If you just look at closed bugs, even though there would be a major problem in the company, 99% of all bugs are overdue. As long as I only close ones that are still within the SLO, I'll have great achievement. So I think we shouldn't be looking at the closed bugs. I think we should be looking at open bugs, the entire population, more percentage of doses within the SLO time. I think we do it in the wrong way. Thanks for the feedbacks that, hence why we wanted to have the average age to measure what's outside in the open. We can make this iteration to measure, also measure focus on the age of all opened, including open bugs. This is also something we, I've discussed with Christopher and the next iteration as well. And we happy, we're happy to adjust. So the key, yeah, go ahead. So average age would get closer to it. It's not what I'm proposing. What I'm proposing is off the open bugs, or percentages outside of SLO. So display it as a percentage. You do now, just do it about the open bugs, not the close ones. Got it, okay. The exceeding SLO for open bugs. Yeah, or open bugs that are within SLO. So you have a chart that should go up into the right, like everything else. Sounds great. We can take it to the next data metrics, workstream, to deliver this. Cool. Thanks. Isn't pretty good? Yeah, I'd like to look. Ricky, make your last to figure out how to, because we like to be able to have charts that we can historically reconstruct if we need to. So when tickets close out, we need to go through their history to figure out at this time when it was open, did it reach SLO or not. That's a good point. This might be much harder computationally. So I totally respect if we can do it for that reason. Cool, nine Craig. Yeah, I just wanted to ask the team, like I went through all the key meeting metrics, everything looked in line with prior, periods, and look good. Is there anything that the team wants to call out, we'll see that we should be watching? Yeah, I'll call out, Suss. So the good news is in Q4, we had our smallest decline over several quarters. So we only went down by a tenth of a point. The quarter previous was 0.6 or 6 tenths of a point and the quarter before that was a full point. So we see this as an improvement, even though it was still a decline, but it's still a decline. Obviously, we want this actually tracking in upward direction. We also don't have enough data to know whether or not this is an actual real trend up. So I'm optimistic, I think this is a good thing. We have had a much cleaner focus on Suss over the past several quarters, and that's why I think, okay, the work that we've done, I think actually is catching up and getting noticed in Suss, but we gotta keep an eye on it. We can't, we cannot assume that that's the case. And the bug discussion above just kind of points out that like we have an underlying problem right now in our metrics measurement. So if we change the measurements to reflect that, then hopefully we're in good shape. If we don't, and we flatline and address it so that we flatline open S-1s and S-2s, you will see a temporary jump in above SLOs, and as we clear out that backlog over that period of time. And I have points to see which is similar to infrastructure, we need to get more security. We're prioritized or hearing that from the team, but neither that problem or that activity is sort of currently reflected in our security metrics. So we have some work to do long term to make sure that we see things like that in the metrics and the measurements that we're making. So back to you, Sid, Tim. Yeah, now M-R-8 seems significantly below target, and maybe I helped that it would bounce back from December. I think it bounced back, but not back on target. Any contact stare, what's going on? Yeah, so with family and friends days, we actually had some heavier vacation days in January than we historically have. One thing to note is that we are actually at a higher M-R-8. If you go back the last 18 months, or actually at a higher M-R-8 than we were back in each month this year. So if you compare October, October, November, to November, in January, I'm sorry, October, November, December, in January, comparatively to last year, which I'll find is where between a half point and a 1.5 M-R-8 above where we were in the month of previous year. That's a great contact. Thank you, Chris, different. Good word. Yeah, so the expectation is that February is a short month. So we are at 16 more days with friends and family day and other things. Obviously, seven car ridges and Texas doesn't help things either for the folks who are working in Texas, but hopefully the rest of the team is being effective. I was hoping to see a better result right now, but with four or five days, particularly around release week, that's usually when we see do see a little bit higher activity. So that's not a kind of for a yet. But you know, marches, marches when I'm expecting to kind of see a real prebound much like we did last year. Awesome, thanks. Yeah, their context will give is we now do time series targets. So when we change the target, you'll see that reflected in the line. So if we were to look back historically here, the goal here was actually lower and Christopher was ambitious and we kept raising and we kept meeting that. So it should stare step here and we could go back and reconstruct that if we really wanted to. And then ignoring the sort of the seasonal dip here, we raised it to, I think, 11. And then we realized we're kind of hitting that point of doing reaching returns and the right thing to do, business wise, and this is in our FY22 direction is hold the line at productivity, but start to raise other things related to quality, security, availability, and whatnot. So that's kind of why you're seeing this bump as we raised it and we realized, okay, that's not, we shouldn't raise it anymore and we brought it back down to 10. So 10 will be the start going forward. I'm gonna try to get better and a lot of other things while preventing this from dipping. Cool, and I just want to call out that it's not necessarily, like, I'm higher MR rates should also help to address security and quality and all their things because you're more productive. So you can fix more things. So it's not necessarily opposite, but I agree with that. That's hold the line 10 is a great number and focus on other indicators to improve that makes a ton of sense. Cool, well said. All right, that's all for the agenda. Anyone want to vocalize anything else? Great, well thanks everybody, and I'm gonna go check on my four-year-old and see if she got whatever she needed. So cheers and talk to you. Thanks, Eric.
